my mom and dad obviously Italian and
they migrated to Australia in the
mid-70s my mum she was eight months
pregnant with myself and so I was born
born in Australia and I'm very proud to
be Australian so I was running Patriot
since I was you know nineteen years old
I started my first patreon Melbourne and
I decided I wanted to venture off into
more the traditional style Peter which
is you know would fire Peter so I
traveled over to to Naples did a course
there with the Veda Pizza Napoletana
which is the true Napolitan traditional
Peter I decided to do that course
because they were the only Association
that actually looked at preserving and
keeping the tradition alive around the
world and then I came back opened up 400
bloody it so we're you know one of four
hundred restaurants in the world that is
accredited to produce Napolitan style
Peter the Italian world Pizza
competition is in Italy they do have
another one in Las Vegas the one in
Italy is the biggest in the world there
are 20 different judges on a panel and
there's also four different judges at
the bench and each one is judging on
different techniques so cleansiness up
in preparation the manipulation of how
you stretch your your pizza the cooking
time every person has a responsibility
so it is a really strict competition the
event consists of six hundred
competitors 35 countries around the
world the early Australians ever of won
the competition I went into the
competition not doing anything different
to what I do every day
you know in my restaurant in Brunswick I
made my dough by hand I also crushed all
my tomatoes by hand as well
I found the the best platform at Sorella
which was DOP I also used one of the
best flowers in the world that I bring
into the country
make my pizza everyday using also
bottled water which made a big
difference as well and obviously my
levitation odd my dough was very natural
no refrigeration and you know I went in
there again and and just did the same
thing that I do every day and and it was
a great result okay so I'm going to show
you how to make a world-class margarita
pizza now a lot of people actually think
that margarita beats is one of the
easiest pizzas to produce well let me
tell you it's actually one of the
hottest feeds that are produced because
you're only using four four ingredients
so it's really hard to mask if your
dough hasn't been produced right and if
you're not using high quality
ingredients the reason is that we try
and entrap all the gasses all the air
into the dough so we create a nice
Courtney shawnee which is the crust
we're not going to use any rolling pins
as a lot of people do at home we're
going to use only our hands with
practice you are obviously going to get
better at it we starting in from the
bottom all the way to the top and we
flip the pizza over repeat the process
again and use from the bottom all the
way to about an inch from the top
the next step is we place our right hand
on one side if your right hand if you're
left-handed the opposite so right hand
on one side and again away from the
crust - away from the pudding showing it
and with our left hand we then stretch
and we come over to our forearm and we
hold it there and we go back down and so
if you do this in a normal speed you'll
find that you will get this motion and
now we're ready to use the ingredients
so what I've done is I've sourced some
of the best ingredients that I can find
and that's sad maternal tomato place it
in the center of the pizza and then we
spread the tomato and again leaving that
1 inch border all the way around the
reason why we do that is so that when
the pizza cooks the the Gordon Shawn it
is going to rise in the oven it's going
to become nice and light a lot of people
leave the crust with bits and Apple
Adana the crust is actually one of the
most important parts of the
Pete and I say that because the crust
actually helps you digest the rest of
the pita I'm going to use buffalo
mozzarella tear the buffalo mozzarella
into small pieces and just place it
around the pizza quite evenly fresh
basil and to finish off I'm going to top
this pizza with some extra virgin olive
oil now the pizza's ready to go into the
oven if you don't have a wood fire oven
at home this is actually the next best
thing to cook your pizzeria and I want
to show you this this oven is actually a
stone based on suits it's nearly the
same as cooking in in a wood fire oven
now one thing about the stone a lot of
people go wrong is what they do is they
try and wash the stone you can either
just brush it down or wipe it down with
with a cloth or or with a brush into
your next pizza so don't please don't
wash your stone now the settings on the
oven are quite important now depending
on what style of pizza that you're going
to make is the type of setting that you
want to choose so I chosen the classic
setting that way we get an even
distribution on the top and also on the
bottom and the beautiful thing about
this omen is that you can actually look
through this window not having to open
and close the oven frequently by opening
and closing you're actually letting the
heat out so try and monitor it through
the window and you know within three or
four minutes your pizza should be cooked
and I think our pizzas pretty much ready
to take out of the oven so as you can
see these pts actually cooked quite well
in its Scott spotting like like it's
come out of a wood fire oven where it it
cut these pits are up and enjoy it